# kolo22energetykradompl

This is webpage for fishing association [Kolo 22 Energetyk Radom](kolo22energetyk.radom.pl). 

## This app combines

- HTML
- SASS
- CSS Grid, FlexBox
- jQuery
- EJS
- Node.js
- JWT
- MongoDB

## Features

- Changable descriptions
- Galleries 
- Competitions page
- Scoreboards etc.

## Packages 

- express
- body-parser
- ejs
- ajv - Request body validation
- axios - Just for Google Recaptcha API
- bcrypt
- jsonwebtoken
- cookie-parser
- mongoose
- multer
- sharp - Image compression 


# A few words at the end 

All you see on my github I did myself. I had no one to ask which solutions are correct etc and that's why everything here looks, like it looks :) This app is combination of experience from my previous projects. The biggest challange was to design the layout... I had a little time to finish this so control panel is build simple, it needed to work, not look, but it works fine on mobile and desktop. The first lines of code of this app were written on 27th January, first working version was uploaded on 9th January. When i started I just wanted this to be a Worpress theme but I decided to build this webpage completely myself. Some pages are generated by EJS, some are just static files and uses jQuery to append data(like search engine under "/wpisy"). There are already async functions, error handling, some API routes, JSON WebToken, CSS Grid, FlexBox, Google Recaptcha and Analytics are integrated, images miniatures are automatically generated. Many nice solutions are implemented. There are still things I would like to improve but I don't think I will do it because I made it for free and it works just fine. I will start something new. This is public repo but i hold full version of this in other private repo which has 68 commits already. I use git also to manage apps on server. 
